---
title: Zander v1.1.0 Patch Notes
description: Zander release notes and changes for version 1.1.0.
slug: zander-1.1.0
authors:
  - name: Ben Robson
    title: Founder & Developer at Modular Software
    url: https://github.com/benrobson
    image_url: https://github.com/benrobson.png
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

Hello Everyone,

I hope you're all having a good 2024, I am releasing a new update which introduces Ranks, some modification to configuration and some bug fixes.

## Notes & Configuration Changes
I would like to note that in this update we have migrated some configuration and added additional configuration options.

### `config.json`
* A new `keywords` field has been added for SEO configuration.
* The `discord.channels` is now `discord.webhooks` and now requires a webhook URL for (`welcome`, `networkChatLog`, `adminLog`) to operate.
* Added a Discord webhook for `staffChannel` for the `staffhelp` command.

## Features
* [Ranks](/docs/products/zander/features/ranks) - Ranks is a feature that allows Administration to modify configuration file to display ranks, perks and have linked in to external URLs to support the server.

## Patch Notes

### Hub
> No changes for this update.

### Proxy
* Implemented a Command Spy Event which sends command data to API.
* Implemented a Social Spy Event which sends direct message (dm) data to API.

### Web
* **Made urgent change to hasPermission, allowing non-logged in users to view administration panel.**
* **Change node engine to support Node 18.**
* Logs: Make usernames more presentable in logs.
* Add page descriptions to headers.
* Added keywords and SEO option to configuration.
* Add documentation badges for dashboard list and editors.
* Made changes for view and session page changes to be more mobile friendly.
* Resolved mobile styling issues with dashboard views.
* Resolve issues with cookie banner not showing on `/register`.
* Added a staffChannel config option with the addition of the `/staffhelp` command.
* Reformat all project files using Prettier.
* Resolve issue with logout causing the application to crash.
* Separate redirect route into own file, add config option for kb and added issue tracker route.
* Added `keywords` to `config.json` for SEO configuration.
* Added `ranks.json` for rank configuration.
* Added following front-facing routes:
  * Ranks /ranks
  * Added /issues redirect.

#### API

> Have a look at our API documentation for information on routes functionality.

* Implement Command & Social Spy API Functionality.
* Discord
  * Implemented /spy/command
  * Implemented /spy/directMessage

#### Discord
* Filter: Patched delete message after filtering prohibited content.
* Filter: Fixed issue where filter errors after response is sent.
* Network Log: Fixed spacing messages.
* Network Log: Remove deleted channel field from being mentioned twice.
* Migrate all discord channel-based functions to webhooks.
* Implemented the following commands:
  * `poll` - Ask everyone a question or something to vote on!
  * `staffhelp` - Sends a message to our Staff for help or assistance.
  * `ranks` - Display link to view rank perks and donate.
