---
title: Zander v1.2.0 Patch Notes
description: Zander release notes and changes for version 1.2.0.
slug: zander-1.2.0
authors:
  - name: Ben Robson
    title: Founder & Developer at Modular Software
    url: https://github.com/benrobson
    image_url: https://github.com/benrobson.png
  - name: Jaedan
    title:  Developer at Modular Software
    url: https://github.com/JaedanC
    image_url: https://github.com/JaedanC.png
  - name: Aron
    title:  Developer at Modular Software
    url: https://github.com/birdwing
    image_url: https://github.com/birdwing.png
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

Hello Everyone,

Hope you are all well, we're releasing a new update which introduces account linking between Discord, Minecraft and the Website, some modification to configuration and some bug fixes.

## Features
* [Announcements](/docs/products/zander/features/announcement) - Announcements is a feature that allows Administration to broadcast messages across your Server and Website and have linked in to external URLs if required.
* [Applications](/docs/products/zander/features/application) - Allows administrative users to create, edit and delete applications. Applications are used for things like Server Position applications and other Server roles.
* [Discord](/docs/products/zander/features/discord) - The Discord feature allows for moderation, community interaction and much more.
* [Discord](/docs/products/zander/features/server) - Allows administrative users to add, edit and remove Servers. Adding a server will list the server on the `/play` page and also list the server on the `/play` command on Discord.

## Patch Notes

### Hub
> No changes added in this update.

### Proxy
> No changes added in this update.

### Auth
* Added `zander-auth` module JAR for backend Minecraft-based authentication.

### Web
* Added player profiles and profile editor.
  * Allows the user to add social media, about page, interests and more.
* Implemented Discord-based authentication gateway.
* Add page descriptions to headers.
* Added keywords and SEO option to configuration.
* Add documentation badges for list and editors.
* Push mobile view changes for session views.
* Resolved mobile styling issues with dashboard views.
* Resolve issues with cookie banner not showing on /register.
* Reformat all project files using Prettier.
* Resolve issue with logout crashing.
* Separate redirect route into own file, add config option for kb and added issue tracker route.
* Change node engine to support node 18.
* Implementation of a Ranks/donation page.
* Implement Google Analytics tags and config.

#### API
* Implemented Discord-based authentication gateway.
* Make usernames more presentable in admin logs.
* Remove deleted channel field from being mentioned twice in admin logs.
* Fixed issue where filter errors after response is sent.
* Reformat all project files using Prettier.
* Added rank permissions context into login sessions and clean up profiles.


> Have a look at our API documentation for information on routes functionality.

#### Discord
* Implemented the following commands:
  * `apply` - A simple application command to direct users to the application page.
  * `poll` - Command in the previous update, ported and updated for this suite.
* Removed the following commands:
  * `legoflip` - due to the proxying of Minecraft images via Craftatar this killed all requests via discord making this command useless (Removed all Craftatar discord side features due to traffic amplification attacks.)
